{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\fdecor Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Arial;}{\f5\froman CG Times (WN);}{\f6\fswiss Univers (WN);}{\f7\fmodern Pica;}{\f8\fmodern Courier;}
{\f9\fmodern elite;}{\f10\fmodern prestige;}{\f11\fmodern lettergothic;}{\f12\fmodern gothicPS;}{\f13\fmodern cubicPS;}{\f14\fmodern LinePrinter;}{\f15\fswiss Helvetica;}{\f16\fmodern avantegarde;}{\f17\fmodern spartan;}{\f18\fmodern metro;}
{\f19\fmodern presentation;}{\f20\fmodern APL;}{\f21\fmodern OCRA;}{\f22\fmodern OCRB;}{\f23\froman boldPS;}{\f24\froman emperorPS;}{\f25\froman madaleine;}{\f26\froman zapf humanist;}{\f27\froman classic;}{\f28\froman roman f;}{\f29\froman roman g;}
{\f30\froman roman h;}{\f31\froman timesroman;}{\f32\froman century;}{\f33\froman palantino;}{\f34\froman souvenir;}{\f35\froman garamond;}{\f36\froman caledonia;}{\f37\froman bodini;}{\f38\froman university;}{\f39\fscript Script;}{\f40\fscript scriptPS;}
{\f41\fscript script c;}{\f42\fscript script d;}{\f43\fscript commercial script;}{\f44\fscript park avenue;}{\f45\fscript coronet;}{\f46\fscript script h;}{\f47\fscript greek;}{\f48\froman kana;}{\f49\froman hebrew;}{\f50\froman roman s;}
{\f51\froman russian;}{\f52\froman roman u;}{\f53\froman roman v;}{\f54\froman roman w;}{\f55\fdecor narrator;}{\f56\fdecor emphasis;}{\f57\fdecor zapf chancery;}{\f58\fdecor decor d;}{\f59\fdecor old english;}{\f60\fdecor decor f;}{\f61\fdecor decor g;}
{\f62\fdecor cooper black;}{\f63\fnil linedraw;}{\f64\fnil math7;}{\f65\fnil math8;}{\f66\fnil bar3of9;}{\f67\fnil EAN;}{\f68\fnil pcline;}{\f69\fnil tech h;}{\f70\fswiss Helvetica-Narrow;}{\f71\fmodern Modern;}{\f72\froman Roman;}
{\f73\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{
\s242\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext242 footer;}{\s243\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext243 header;}{\s244 \fs16\up6 \sbasedon0\snext0 footnote reference;}{\s245 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext245 footnote text;}{\s246\li720 \i\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext255 heading 9;}{\s247\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 8;}{\s248\li720 \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 7;}{\s249\li720 \fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 6;}{\s250\li720 \b\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 5;}{\s251\li360 
\ul \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 4;}{\s252\li360 \b \sbasedon0\snext255 heading 3;}{\s253\sb120 \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s254\sb240 \b\f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s255\li720 \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext255 Normal Indent;}{\fs20 
\snext0 Normal;}{\s2\fi-240\li480\sb80\tx480 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext2 nscba;}{\s3\fi-240\li240\sa20 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext3 j;}{\s4\li480\sa20 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext4 ij;}{\s5\sb80\sa20 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext5 btb;}{\s6\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20 \f15\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext6 ctcb;}{\s7\fi-240\li480\sa40\tx480 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext7 ns;}{\s8\sa120 \f15\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext8 TT;}{\s9\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext9 crtj;}{\s10\fi-240\li480\tx480 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext10 nsca;}{\s11\sa20 \f15 
\sbasedon0\snext11 bt;}{\s12\li240\sb120\sa40 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext12 Hf;}{\s13\li240\sb120\sa40 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext13 Hs;}{\s14\li480\sb120\sa40 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext14 RT;}{\s15\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\tx2160 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext15 c;}{
\s16\li2160\sa20 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext16 ct;}{\s17\li240\sa20 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext17 it;}{\s18\li480 \f15\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext18 nsct;}{\s19\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext19 nscb;}{\s20\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\brdrb\brdrs \brdrbtw\brdrs 
\tx2880 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext20 HC2;}{\s21\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\tx2880 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext21 C2;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sa20 \f15\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 ctc;}{\s23\li2160\sb160 \f15 \sbasedon0\snext23 crt;}{\s24\li480\sb20\sa40 \f15 
\sbasedon0\snext24 or;}}{\info{\author Dan Davids}{\operator Robert Heath}{\creatim\yr2137\mo8\dy7}{\revtim\yr1993\mo6\dy19\min6}{\version5}{\edmins7215}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords65536}{\nofchars69885}{\vern8351}}\ftnbj \sectd 
\linex576\headery706\footery706\colsx709\endnhere \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} main_index}}{\f2 ${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Help Index}}{\fs16\up6 +{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 
\fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} index:0005}}{\b\f2  Windows Info-ZIP Unzip }{\b\f2\ul Index
\par }{\f15 
\par }{\b\f2 Introduction\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f15 
\par }\pard \ri-1440\sl240 {\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb What is WizUnZip ?}{\v\f2 HELPID_WHAT_IS
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Installing WizUnZip}{\v\f2 HELPID_INSTALLN}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 
\par Commands}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb File Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_FILE}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Edit Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_EDIT}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb View Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_VIEW}{\f2\uldb 
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Options Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPTIONS
\par }{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Glossary
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Defined Terms}{\v\f2 glossary
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Procedures
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Opening an Archive File}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN_FILE}{\f2\uldb 
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Showing the Archive Comment}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHOWING_COMMENT}{\f2 \tab 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Browsing Text in the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Extracting Files from the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Testing Files in the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_TESTING}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Exiting WizUnZip}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXITING}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Screen Regions
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Pushbuttons}{\v\f2 HELPID_BUTTONS
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Title Bar}{\v\f2 HELPID_TITLE_BAR}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Icon}{\v\f2 HELPID_ICON}{\b\f2 
\par 
\par Error Messages}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Error Messages in the Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSGWIN_ERRORS}{\b\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Error Messages in Dialog Boxes}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSGBOX_ERRORS}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 
\par Help
\par \tab }{\f2\uldb Help Overview}{\v\f2 HELPID_OVERVIEW}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 
\par Product Information}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Who is Info-ZIP ?}{\v\f2 HELPID_INFO_ZIP}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Copyright and Distribution}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISTRN}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Warranty or Lack Thereof}{\v\f2 HELPID_WARRANTY}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb History}{\v\f2 HELPID_HISTORY}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Bugs}{\v\f2 HELPID_BUGS}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\up6 #} index_info}}{\f2 
 The Index contains a list of all Help topics available for Windows Info-ZIP Unzip. For information on how to use Help, press F1 or choose Using Help from the Help menu.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_WHAT_IS}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ What Is WizUnzip ?}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + intro:010}}{\b\f2 What Is WizUnZip ?}{\f2 
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip }{\f2 stands for Windows Info-ZIP Unzip. }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is a Microsoft Windows application which extracts, tests, and displays files archived in }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  format.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is derived from a co-operative effort by a number of developers collectively known as Info-ZIP. (See }{\f2\uldb Who is Info-ZIP ?}{\v\f2 HELPID_INFO_ZIP}{\f2 
). Info-ZIP's goal is to provide widely-available, non-commercial archiving tools compatible with Phil Katz's popular DOS application products, }{\i\f2 pkzip}{\f2  and }{\i\f2 pkunzip}{\f2 .}{\i\f2  }{\f2 Info-ZIP's counterpart products are called }{
\i\f2 zip}{\f2  and }{\i\f2 unzip}{\f2  respectively. }{\i\f2 WizUnZip }{\f2 2.0 can extract files from archives created using}{\i\f2  pkzip }{\f2 2.04 or earlier}{\i\f2 .}{\f2 
\par 
\par The unzip logic of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is based on Info-ZIP's product }{\i\f2 unzip}{\f2 , which has been ported to a number of platforms.}{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is essentially }{\i\f2 unzip}{\f2 
 with a Microsoft Windows interface and a little extra logic to display and extract files. 
\par 
\par In keeping with Info-ZIP's goals, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is available on a not-for-profit basis. (See }{\f2\uldb Copyright and Distribution}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISTRN}{\f2 .)
\par \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_INSTALLN}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Installing WizUnZip}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} intro:015}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {
\fs16\up6 K} installation} }{\b\f2 Installing WizUnZip
\par }{\f2 
\par Install the WizUnZip executable file, }{\i\f2 WIZUNZIP.EXE}{\f2 , and its associated help file, }{\i\f2 WIZUNZIP.HLP}{\f2 , by copying them into any directory listed in your system's }{\b\f2 PATH}{\f2  environment variable. 
\par Your WINDOWS directory is usually listed there.
\par 
\par Though not necessary for proper operation, the WizUnZip unzipping sound file, }{\i\f2 WIZUNZIP.WAV}{\f2 , may be installed on any directory listed in your system's }{\b\f2 PATH}{\f2  environment variable.
\par Your WINDOWS directory is usually such a directory.
\par 
\par If you install WizUnZip on a system running Windows 3.0 or OS/2 2.0, you must also install the dynamic link libraries }{\i\f2 COMMDLG.DLL}{\f2  and }{\i\f2 SHELL.DLL in your WINDOWS\\SYSTEM directory.}{\f2 
\par If your system is running Windows 3.1 or Windows NT, these libraries are already present.
\par 
\par If the archive file from which you extracted WizUnZip was named }{\i\f2 WUNL20.ZIP}{\f2 , these libraries are included.
\par To save space, these libraries are not included in the archive named }{\i\f2 WUNZ20.ZIP}{\f2 .
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_EDIT}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Edit Menu}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + commands:020}}{\b\f2 Edit Menu}{\f2 
\par 
\par The Edit menu includes commands that let you select or de-select all of the listbox entries or to control the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par 
\par For more information, select an Edit menu command from below.
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240 {\f2\uldb Select All Files}{\v\f2 HELPID_SELECT_ALL}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab \tab Selects all listbox entries.
\par }\pard {\f2\uldb De-select All Files}{\v\f2 HELPID_DESELECT_ALL}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab De-selects and unhighlights all listbox entries.
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\sl240 {\f2\uldb Select Files by Pattern...}{\v\f2 HELPID_SELECT_BY_PATTERN}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Selects filenames by pattern.
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Clear Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_CLEAR_STATUS}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Clears the contents of the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par }{\f2\uldb Copy Status Window to Clipboard}{\v\f2 HELPID_CLEAR_STATUS}{\f2 \tab Copies the entire }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  to the Windows clipboard.
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DESELECT_ALL}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} De-select All Listbox Entries}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} edit_menu:060}}{
\b\f2 De-select All Files
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu item de-selects and unhighlights all entries in the listbox. 
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  dims the three buttons }{\f2\uldb Extract}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACT}{\f2 , }{\f2\uldb Display}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAY}{\f2 , and }{\f2\uldb Test}{\v\f2 HELPID_TEST}{\f2 . 
\par 
\par You may then select one or more entries in the listbox using the pointer or the keyboard. 
\par 
\par Selecting one or more entries in the listbox causes the buttons to become active again. 
\par 
\par Select any of the buttons to operate on the selected entries.
\par 
\par Pressing the F3 key is a short-cut to de-selecting all listbox entries.
\par }\page {\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SELECT_ALL}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Select All Listbox Entries}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} edit_menu:070}} {\b\f2 Select All Files

\par }{\f2 
\par This menu item selects and highlights all entries in the listbox. 
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  activates the three }{\f2\uldb Extract}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACT}{\f2 , }{\f2\uldb Display}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAY}{\f2 , and }{\f2\uldb Test}{\v\f2 HELPID_TEST}{\f2  buttons. 
\par 
\par Select any of the three buttons to operate on all selected entries in the archive.
\par 
\par Pressing the F2 key is a short-cut to selecting all listbox entries.
\par \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SELECT_BY_PATTERN}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Select Files by Pattern}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} edit_menu:075}} {\b\f2 
Select Files By Pattern
\par }{\f2 
\par When archives contain a large number of files, you can select the files to be extracted by specifying patterns in the filenames. 
\par 
\par This menu item opens the }{\i\f2 Select Files by Pattern}{\f2  dialog box. It prompts you to enter a pattern by which files in the Archive Directory Listbox are selected. 
\par Your pattern may contain wild card characters such as }{\i\f2 *}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 ?}{\f2 , and character lists surrounded by square brackets.
\par You may enter multiple patterns, separated by white space, in the edit field.
\par Choose the }{\i\f2 Select}{\f2  button to highlight your choices in the }{\f2\uldb ArchiveDirectoryListbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 . 
\par The files can then be extracted, displayed, or tested using any of the three pushbottons. 
\par 
\par You may alternately deselect files in the listbox by first specifying a pattern then choosing the }{\i\f2 Deselect}{\f2  button.
\par 
\par After making all your selections and deselections, you may wish to close the dialog box by selecting the }{\i\f2 Done}{\f2  button. 
\par 
\par Pressing the F4 key is a short-cut to the }{\i\f2 Select Files by Pattern}{\f2  dialog box.
\par \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_CLEAR_STATUS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Clear Messages Window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} edit_menu:080}}{\b\f2 Clear Status Window}{
\f2 
\par 
\par This menu item clears the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par 
\par WizUnZip automatically clears your }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  if its contents would either exceed the amount of global memory space available in your system or reach 65535 characters.
\par 
\par Pressing the Del key is a short-cut to clearing the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_COPY_STATUS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Copy Status Window to Clipboard}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} edit_menu:090}}{\b\f2 
Copy Status Window to Clipboard}{\f2 
\par 
\par This menu item copies the entire contents of the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  to the Windows clipboard.
\par 
\par Currently there is no way to copy a portion of the Status Window to the Windows clipboard.
\par 
\par The Control-C key sequence is a short-cut which copies the Status window to the clipboard.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_FILE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ File Menu}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + commands:010}}{\b\f2 File Menu}{\f2 
\par 
\par The File menu includes the following commands:
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb File Menu "Open..." Command}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPEN}{\f2 \tab \tab Opens an archive and lists its directory.
\par }{\f2\uldb File Menu "Unzip To..." Command}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2 \tab Changes the directory where }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab extracted entries.
\par }{\f2\uldb File Menu "Exit" Command}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXIT_CMD}{\f2 \tab \tab Exits }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 .
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_OPEN}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ File Menu Open Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + menu_file:030}}{\b\f2 File Menu "Open..." Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par The File menu's Open command brings up the }{\i\f2 Open ZIP File}{\f2  dialog box.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Open ZIP File Dialog Box}{\f2 
\par 
\par This dialog box lets you select the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  on which you may perform further operations.
\par Select the directory in which the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  is found.
\par When you select a directory,  }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  lists all of the Zip archives, files with suffix .ZIP, in the listbox.
\par The }{\i\f2 File Name}{\f2  field starts out as a template of all the ZIP archives in the directory.
\par 
\par You may select archives with other suffixes using the }{\i\f2 List Files of Type}{\f2  combo box. 
\par You may select self-extracting .ZIP files, which have the .EXE suffix. 
\par However, not every file with a .EXE suffix is a self-extracting .ZIP file.
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  lets you safely attempt to open the file to find out.
\par 
\par Select an archive either by clicking on its filename from the listbox or by typing its name in the }{\i\f2 File} {\i\f2 Name}{\f2  edit box.
\par Select the }{\i\f2 OK}{\f2  button to put your choice into effect.
\par 
\par Select the }{\i\f2 Cancel}{\f2  button if you don't wish to open a new ZIP archive.
\par 
\par When you open a ZIP archive, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  displays the archive contents in the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  of its main window. 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  does not automatically extract the contents.  See }{\f2\uldb Extracting Files from the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2  to find out how to do this.
\par }\pard \sl240\tx6480 {\f2 
\par You may unzip the archive contents either into the directory where the .ZIP file lives or into a separate directory.
\par See the }{\f2\uldb File Menu Unzip To Command}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2  and the }{\f2\uldb Unzip to Same Directory as .ZIP}{\v\f2 HELPID_UNZIP_TO_ZIP_DIR}{\f2  item under the }{\f2\uldb Options Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPTIONS}{\f2  for more information.}{
\v\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_CHDIR}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ File Menu Change Directory Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + menu_file:35}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {
\fs16\up6 K} directory, destination}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 File Menu "Unzip To..." Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par This command lets you change the directory into which }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts entries from the current ZIP archive.
\par You may extract files into a directory other than the one in which the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  file resides.
\par 
\par If this command is grayed, you may enable it by toggling the }{\f2\uldb Unzip to Same Directory as .ZIP}{\v\f2 HELPID_UNZIP_TO_ZIP_DIR}{\f2  item under the }{\f2\uldb Options Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_OPTIONS}{\f2 .
\par 
\par If you don't select a destination directory, WizUnZip assumes you wish to extract files into the same directory as the ZIP archive.
\par The "Unzip To..." command produces the }{\i\f2 Unzip To}{\f2  Dialog Box.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\f2 Unzip To}{\b\f2  Dialog Box
\par 
\par }{\f2 This dialog box lets you browse and select a destination directory for unzipped archive entries.
\par 
\par The Directories listbox shows where }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  will place extracted files.
\par 
\par You may browse the directory tree by repeatedly selecting directories from the }{\i\f2 Directories}{\f2  listbox.
\par 
\par To automatically change to the selected directory the next time you start }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 , select the }{\i\f2 Save as Default}{\f2  checkbox.
\par 
\par Select the }{\i\f2 OK}{\f2  button to save the new directory as the one to which }{\i\f2 WizUnzip}{\f2  extracts files.  
\par The new destination directory is shown in the title bar.
\par 
\par Select the }{\i\f2 Cancel}{\f2  button to return to the directory displayed on entry.
\par 
\par NOTE:
\par The }{\i\f2 Drives}{\f2  listbox shows all drives in the system. 
\par However, you won't be able to select write-protected drives such as CD-ROM drives and some network drives.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_EXIT_CMD}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ File Menu Exit Command}+{\footnote \pard\plain 
\sl240 \fs20 + menu_file:40}}{\b\f2 File Menu Exit Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par This command takes you out of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 . 
\par To find out other ways to exit }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 , see }{\f2\uldb Exiting WizUnZip}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXITING}{\f2 .
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_EXITING}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Exiting WizUnzip}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + procedures:100}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} exiting}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 
Exiting WizUnZip}{\f2 
\par 
\par You may exit }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  by any of the following methods:
\par \tab 1) typing Alt-F4, 
\par \tab 2) selecting Exit from the File menu, or 
\par \tab 3) selecting Close from }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's system menu.
\par 
\par You may safely exit }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  at any time without fear of losing data.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_OPTIONS}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Options Menu}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + commands:030}K
{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K options}}{\b\f2 Options Menu}{\f2 
\par 
\par The Options menu lets you specify how }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  handles directories, whether or not }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  should overwrite existing files during extraction,  what }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 
 does when you select one or more files in the listbox, and to where WizUnZip extracts files from the archive.
\par 
\par For more information, select any of the following four items:
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Recreate Directory Structure}{\v\f2 HELPID_RECR_DIR_STRUCT}{\f2 \tab \tab Lets you extract subdirectories or not.}{\v\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb 
\par Overwrite Existing Files}{\v\f2 HELPID_OVERWRITE}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Controls overwriting existing files.}{\v\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb 
\par }\pard \sl240\tx90 {\f2\uldb Translate LF to CR-LF}{\v\f2 HELPID_TRANSLATE}{\f2  \tab \tab \tab Translates LF character to CR/LF character pair.
\par }{\f2\uldb Unzip to Same Directory as .ZIP}{\v\f2 HELPID_UNZIP_TO_ZIP_DIR}{\f2 \tab \tab Controls whether you unzip in .ZIP or other directory.}{\f2\uldb 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2\uldb 
\par }{\f2 The following three items let you define the action taken when you double-click on a file in the listbox: 
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Listbox Selection Extracts File}{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_EXTRACT}{\f2 \tab \tab Double click extracts entry.
\par }{\f2\uldb Listbox Selection Tests File}{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_TEST}{\f2 \tab \tab Double click tests entry.
\par }{\f2\uldb Listbox Selection Displays File}{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_DISPLAY}{\f2 \tab \tab Double click displays entry in }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Sound Options}{\v\f2 HELPID_SOUND_OPTIONS\tab }{\f2 \tab \tab \tab \tab Selects sound at start or end of operation.
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb Clear Status Window Before Displaying}{\v\f2 HELPID_AUTOCLEAR_STATUS}{\f2 \tab Clears the Status Window before displaying the selected file or files.
\par }{\i\f2 
\par WizUnZip}{\f2  saves your option selection permanently until you replace it with another.}{\f2\uldb 
\par }{\f2 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_RECR_DIR_STRUCT}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Recreate Directory Structure}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + options:010}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K directory;extracting}}{
\b\f2 Recreate Directory Structure
\par }{\f2 
\par During file extraction this option specifies whether or not }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  re-creates subdirectories saved within the archive. 
\par 
\par When this option is active, a checkmark appears beside its menu item.
\par 
\par When this option is active, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts, preserving the directory structure present in the archive.
\par 
\par When this option is not active, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts the files from subdirectories listed in the archive into the parent directory.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  saves the setting of this option in your WIZUNZIP.INI file until you change it again through the menu.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_OVERWRITE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Overwrite Existing Files}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + options:020}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K extracting}}{\b\f2 Ove
rwrite Existing Files Option
\par }{\f2 
\par When you choose this option, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  automatically overwrites each existing file that it finds during extraction. 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places a check mark beside the menu item to show that the option is in force.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  saves the setting of this option in your WIZUNZIP.INI file until you change it again through the menus.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Overwrite Existing Files Dialog Box}{\f2 
\par 
\par When you don't choose the Overwrite Existing Files option, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  prompts you with a dialog box for each existing file that it would replace during extraction. The dialog box prompt gives you five alternatives.  You may:
\par 
\par \tab 1) skip the file without extracting it (the default),
\par \tab 2) overwrite the file,
\par \tab 3) overwrite the file and all others in this operation,
\par \tab 4) overwrite none of the files in this operation,
\par \tab 5) rename the conflicting file.
\par 
\par If you select 3) or 4), the Overwrite Existing Files Dialog Box won't appear for the rest of the operation if any more files should conflict with existing files.
\par The Overwrite Existing Files Dialog Box has no effect on the more permanent Overwrite Existing Files Option.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_TRANSLATE}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Translate LF to CR-LF}+{\footnote \pard\plain 
\sl240 \fs20 + options:030}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K extracting}}{\b\f2 Translate LF to CR-LF
\par }{\f2 
\par Choose this option only if you are extracting text files from a }{\f2\ul UNIX}{\v\f2 term_UNIX}{\f2  or similar computer and wish to translate them into the format used by DOS.  
\par In UNIX text file format, lines of text are separated by a }{\i\f2 linefeed}{\f2  character. 
\par Lines of text within }{\f2\ul DOS}{\v\f2 term_DOS}{\f2  files are typically separated by the two characters:}{\i\f2 carriage return}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 linefeed}{\f2 .
\par 
\par Do not choose this option if you are extracting a binary file.  
\par Since }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  can't tell the difference between text and binary files, you have to decide when to use it.  
\par In general, don't choose this option unless you're sure you need it.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places a check mark beside the menu item to show that the option is in force.  
\par The setting you choose stays in effect until you toggle it.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_UNZIP_TO_ZIP_DIR}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Unzip to Same Directory as .ZIP}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + options:040}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K extracting}}{\b\f2 
Unzip to Same Directory as .ZIP
\par }{\f2 
\par Choose this option only if you want }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  to always extract the contents of the ZIP archive in the same directory as the }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 .  
\par This option saves having to set the extraction directory separately. 
\par 
\par When WizUnZip is set to unzip in the same directory as the ZIP archive, WizUnZip disables and grays the }{\f2\uldb File Menu "Unzip To..." Command}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2 .
\par 
\par When you do not select this option, WizUnZip enables the }{\f2\uldb File Menu "Unzip To..." Command}{\v HELPID_CHDIR},{\f2  and you may select the destination directory.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places a check mark beside the menu item to show that the option is in force.  
\par The setting you choose stays in effect until you toggle it.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's title bar always shows the name of the directory into which it extracts regardless of the option's setting.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_LB_EXTRACT}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Listbox Selection Extracts File}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + options:050}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K extracting}}{\b\f2 
Listbox Selection Extracts File}{\f2 
\par 
\par When this option is active, double-clicking on a listbox entry extracts the selected entry from the archive and logs the outcome in the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_LB_DISPLAY}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Listbox Selection Displays File}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + options:060}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K displaying}}{\b\f2 
Listbox Selection Displays File
\par }{\f2 
\par When this option is active, double-clicking on a listbox entry displays the entry in the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_LB_TEST}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 
$ Listbox Selection Tests File}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + options:070}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K testing}}{\b\f2 Listbox Selection Tests File
\par 
\par }{\f2 When this option is active, double-clicking on a listbox entry tests the entry and displays the results in the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . 
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_SOUND_OPTIONS}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Sound Options}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + options:070}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K sound}}{\b\f2 Sound Options
\par }{\f2 
\par This entry leads to a dialog box in which you choose the sound that }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  emits either before or after the action (i.e. extract, test or display entries) completes. 
\par If }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  detects that the system can play a wave, you may specify the name of a wave file which}{\i\f2  WizUnZip}{\f2  plays either before or after the operation. 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  includes a default wave file, WIZUNZIP.WAV, which contains an unzipping sound. 
\par 
\par Regardless of whether your system can play wave files, you can configure }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  to emit a beep on completion.}{\i\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2 The }{\i\f2 Browse}{\f2  option lets you search for .WAV files on your system.
\par 
\par The Play option plays whichever .WAV file is shown in the }{\i\f2 Sound Name or File}{\f2  edit field.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_AUTOCLEAR_STATUS}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Autoclear Status}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + options:080}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K displaying}}{\b\f2 
Clear Status Window Before Displaying
\par }{\f2 
\par This option makes it easier to view the contents of any text file within the archive by first clearing the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par 
\par When this option is active, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  also positions the Status window to the top of the extracted file rather than at its end when displaying.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_VIEW}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 
$ View Menu}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + commands:040}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K format}}{\b\f2 View Menu}{\f2 
\par 
\par The View menu directs }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  to display the archive contents in either }{\f2\uldb Long Format}{\v\f2 HELPID_LONG}{\f2  or }{\f2\uldb Short Format}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHORT}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places a check mark beside the menu item corresponding to the archive directory listbox format which is currently selected.
\par 
\par You may also modify the relative sizes of the Archive Directory Listbox and  the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  by selecting }{\f2\uldb Maximize Archive Directory Listbox}{\v HELPID_MAX_LISTBOX}{\f2 , }{\f2\uldb 
Maximize Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAX_STATUS}{\f2 , or }{\f2\uldb Split}{\v\f2 HELPID_SPLIT}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  places a check mark beside the menu item corresponding to the screen layout which is currently selected.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_LONG}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Long Format}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + format:010}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K format}}{\b\f2 Long Format
\par }{\f2 
\par In long format }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  shows:
\par 
\par \tab the file length in Kbytes before archiving,
\par \tab the ZIP method of archiving: e.g. deflating, imploding, storing, shrinking, reducing.
\par \tab the file size in Kbytes within the archive,
\par \tab the compression ratio,
\par \tab the file modification date,
\par \tab the file modification time,
\par \tab the 32-bit cyclic redundancy check value, used for integrity checking,
\par \tab the file name.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_SHORT}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Short Format}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + format:020}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K format}}{\b\f2 Short Format
\par }{\f2 
\par In short format }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  shows:
\par 
\par \tab the file length in Kbytes before archiving,
\par \tab the file modification date,
\par \tab the file modification time,
\par \tab the file name.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_MAX_STATUS}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Max Status}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + format:030}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K format}}{\b\f2 
Maximize Status Window
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu item maximizes the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  so that it covers the }{\f2\uldb Pushbuttons}{\v\f2 HELPID_BUTTONS}{\f2  and the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 
.  This makes it easier for you to browse a file displayed from the archive.
\par 
\par You can restore the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  by selecting the Restore entry from its system menu, by double-clicking its maximize/minimize icon in its upper right-hand corner, or by Selecting the }{\f2\uldb Split}{\v\f2 
HELPID_SPLIT}{\f2  menu item under the View menu.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_SPLIT}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Split}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + format:035}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K format}}{
\b\f2 Split
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu item restores the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  and }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  to their original sizes.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_MAX_LISTBOX}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Listbox Maximized}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + format:040}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K format}}{\b\f2 
Maximize Archive Directory Listbox
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu item maximizes the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 , covering the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . This makes it easier for you to view archives with many entries.
\par 
\par You can restore the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  by selecting the }{\f2\uldb Split}{\v\f2 HELPID_SPLIT}{\f2  menu item under the View menu.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # glossary}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Glossary}}{\b\f2 Glossary}{\f2 
\par 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul DOS}{\v\f2 term_DOS}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul FTP}{\v\f2 term_FTP}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul Internet}{\v\f2 term_Internet}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul UNIX}{\v\f2 term_UNIX}{\f2 
\par \tab }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 
\par }{\v\f2 \page }{\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 \chftn }}}{\f2 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 # term_DOS}}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 $ DOS}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 
{\plain \f7 K DOS}}}{\b\f2 DOS}{\f2 
\par 
\par The DOS operating system popular on IBM-compatible personal computers.
\par It's probably running on your PC right now.
\par DOS usually is short for MS-DOS, a trademark of Microsoft.
\par }{\v\f2 \page }{\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 \chftn }}}{\f2 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 # term_FTP}}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 $ FTP}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 
{\plain \f7 K FTP}}}{\b\f2 FTP}{\f2 
\par 
\par File Transfer Protocol. A protocol for transferring files through the Internet.
\par }{\v\f2 \page }{\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 \chftn }}}{\f2 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 # term_Internet}}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 $ Internet}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 
\fs20 {\plain \f7 K Internet}}}{\b\f2 Internet}{\f2 
\par 
\par A data network connecting many universities, corporations, and government institutions.
\par }{\v\f2 \page }{\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 \chftn }}}{\f2 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 # term_UNIX}}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 $ UNIX}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 
{\plain \f7 K UNIX}}}{\b\f2 UNIX}{\f2 
\par 
\par The UNIX operating system is popular on multi-user open computer systems.  Unix is a trademark of AT&T.
\par \page }{\fs16\up6 \chftn {\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 \chftn }}}{\f2 #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 # term_ZIP_archive}}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 $ ZIP_archive}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 
\fs20 {\plain \f7 K ZIP_archive}}}{\b\f2 ZIP archive}{\f2 
\par 
\par A ZIP archive is a collection of files stored within a single file in the format implemented by Phil Katz's products }{\i\f2 pkzip}{\f2  and }{\i\f2 pkunzip}{\f2  as well as Info-ZIP's products }{\i\f2 zip}{\f2  and }{\i\f2 unzip}{\f2 
. ZIP archive files typically have the suffix }{\i\f2 .ZIP}{\f2 . 
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  is compatible with archives created by pkzip version 2.04 and earlier.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_DISPLAYING}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Browsing Text in the Archive}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + procedures:050}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K browsing}}{\b\f2 
Browsing Text in the Archive}{\f2 
\par 
\par To browse one or more files within the archive, first select the files using the listbox then select the Display Button either by clicking on it or by typing Control-D.  
\par The selected entries will be displayed in the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  which can be scrolled using the horizontal and vertical scroll bars.
\par 
\par Alternately, you may use the Options menu to let you automatically display a file whenever you select its entry in the listbox.  
\par To do so, select the }{\f2\uldb Listbox Selection Displays File.}{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_DISPLAY}{\f2  from the Options menu.  
\par Whenever you double-click on a entry in the listbox, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  will display the entry's contents in the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  saves this setting in your WIZUNZIP.INI file until you change it.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  cannot distinguish between text and binary data files, so it is possible to display a binary data file into the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  assumes that the files it displays in the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  are in the PC manufacturer's OEM codepage, which }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  translates to the ANSI character set. 
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_EXTRACTING}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Extracting Files from the Archive}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + procedures:110}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K extracting;de-archiving}}{
\b\f2 Extracting Files from the Archive}{\f2 
\par 
\par First select the files you wish to extract, using the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2  . 
\par Next select the }{\f2\uldb Extract Button}{\v HELPID_EXTRACT}{\f2  by clicking on it or by typing Control-X.  
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  extracts the files, placing them in the current directory. 
\par The }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  lists the names of the files as they are extracted.
\par 
\par Alternately, you may use the Options menu to let you automatically extract a file whenever you double-click on an entryin the listbox.  To do so, select the }{\f2\uldb Listbox SelectionExtracts File.}{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_EXTRACT}{\f2  from the Options menu.  

\par Now when you double-click on an entry in the listbox, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  will extract it. }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  saves this setting in your WIZUNZIP.INI file until you change it.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_TESTING}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Testing Files in the Archive}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + procedures:120}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K testing}}{\b\f2 
Testing Files in the Archive}{\f2 
\par 
\par First select the files you wish to test, using the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 . Next select the Test button by clicking on it or by typing Control-T.  }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  tests the files, listing
 the file names and results as they are tested.
\par 
\par Alternately, you may use the Options menu to let you automatically test a file whenever you double-click on an entry in the listbox.  To do so, select }{\f2\uldb Listbox Selection Tests File }{\v\f2 HELPID_LB_EXTRACT}{\f2 
 from the Options menu.  Afterwards, when you double-click on an entry in the }{\f2\uldb Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_LISTBOX}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  will test it. }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 
 saves this setting in your WIZUNZIP.INI file until you change it.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # {\f2 HELPID_OPEN_FILE}}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Opening an Archive File}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + procedures:005}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K opening;archive}}{\b\f2 
Opening an Archive File}{\f2 
\par 
\par Before }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  can operate on an ZIP archive, you must open an archive file. 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  only operates on archive files in .ZIP format. .ZIP files are created either by Phil Katz's }{\i\f2 PKZIP}{\f2  program or by Info-ZIP's }{\i\f2 ZIP}{\f2  program. 
\par ZIP files are identified by their .ZIP suffix.
\par 
\par You may open a .ZIP file using various methods including:
\par }\pard \li720\sl240 {\f2 1) Passing its name to }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  when you start }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  or,
\par 2) Using }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's }{\f2\uldb File Menu Open Command}{\v HELPID_OPEN}{\f2  or,
\par 3) Dragging the file from the File manager and dropping the file on to \line      the }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  window.
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 You may find it useful to let Windows' File Manager associate the .ZIP suffix with }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  for easy browsing and extraction of .ZIP files.
\par 
\par When the archive file has been successfully opened, its name appears in }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's title bar. 
\par From that point forward, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's listbox and button operations apply to the open file. 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  can open only one .ZIP file at a time. 
\par It is not necessary to close or save the file before exiting }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 .
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # {\f2 HELPID_SHOWING_COMMENT}}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Showing the Archive Comment}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + procedures:130}K{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 K comment}}{\b\f2 
Showing the Archive Comment}{\f2 
\par 
\par Some ZIP archive files contain a readable comment. If you have opened an archive which has a comment, the Show Comment button will be active. If the archive has no comment, then the Show Comment button will be grayed.  You may display the comment by selec
ting the Show Comment button with the mouse or by typing Control-S. 
\par 
\par The comment will be copied to the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW }{\f2  where it may be scrolled using the scroll bars or the standard Windows navigation keys. 
\par \page }{\fs16 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_LISTBOX}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Archive Directory Listbox}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} screen:010}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} background color}}{\fs16  }{\b\f2 Archive Directory Listbox
\par 
\par }{\f2 When you open a ZIP archive, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  displays the archive's directory in the Archive Directory Listbox at the top of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's main window. The contents may be displayed in either }{\f2\uldb Long Format}{\v\f2 
HELPID_LONG}{\f2  or }{\f2\uldb Short Format}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHORT}{\f2  using the }{\f2\uldb View Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_VIEW}{\f2 . The format of the listbox entries will be familiar to users of Phil Katz's }{\i\f2 PKUNZIP}{\f2  program or Info-ZIP's }{\i\f2 
UNZIP}{\f2  program.
\par 
\par The Archive Directory Listbox is an extended, multiple-selection listbox.
\par This means you may select multiple files by clicking the mouse on a given item and dragging the mouse downward through the listbox.
\par You may also press the Control key and click on listbox individual items to make a cumulative list.
\par To select or de-select all files in the listbox at once, use the }{\f2\uldb Edit Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_EDIT}{\f2 .
\par 
\par After selecting the files on which you wish to operate, complete the operation by selecting either the }{\f2\uldb Extract Button}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACT}{\f2 , the }{\f2\uldb Display Button}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAY}{\f2 , or the }{\f2\uldb Test Button}{\v\f2 
HELPID_TEST}{\f2 .
\par 
\par You may extract, display, or test files directly from the listbox by double-clicking on the entries in the listbox. To define which action }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  takes when you double-click on an entry, use the }{\f2\uldb Options Menu}{\v\f2 
HELPID_OPTIONS}{\f2 . The pushbutton which corresponds to the listbox double-click action is surrounded by a thicker frame.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Background Color}{\f2 
\par 
\par The background color of the Archive Directory Listbox heading and total area is the Windows }{\i\f2 Disabled Text}{\f2  color.
\par You can change your system's }{\i\f2 Disabled Text}{\f2  color using the Windows Control Panel.
\par Be careful! If you set your system's }{\i\f2 Disabled Text}{\f2  color to the same color as regular text (e.g. black), you won't be able to see the headings and totals above and below the listbox.\page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {
\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_BUTTONS}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Push-buttons}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} screen:020}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} push-buttons}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Push-buttons
\par 
\par }{\f2 Below the archive directory listbox in }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's main window are four push buttons which let you access the contents of the .ZIP archive opened earlier.
\par 
\par The pushbutton which corresponds to the listbox double-click action is surrounded by a thicker frame.
\par \page }{\fs16 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_DISPLAY}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Display Button}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} button:010}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Display Button
\par }{\f2 
\par When active, the Display button copies the selected files shown in the listbox into the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . 
\par \page }{\fs16 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_EXTRACT}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Extract Button}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} button:020}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Extract Button
\par }{\f2 
\par When active, the Extract button unzips the selected entries in the listbox into the current directory. 
\par \page }{\fs16 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_TEST}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Test Button}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} button:030}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Test Button
\par }{\f2 
\par When active, the Test button checks the integrity of the selected entries in the listbox and displays the outcome of the check in the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 . 
\par \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_SHOW_COMMENT}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Show Comment Button}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} button:040}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Show Comment Button

\par }{\f2 
\par When active, the Show Comment button displays the contents of the archive comment in the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  where you may browse it. 
\par \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}${\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 $} Status Window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 +} screen:030}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {
\fs16\up6 K} status window}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Status Window
\par 
\par }{\f2 At the bottom of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's main window is the Status window, in which }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  displays three types of information from the archive:
\par 
\par \tab 1) a record of file extraction and file testing (see }{\f2\uldb Extracting Files from the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_EXTRACTING}{\f2 ),
\par \tab 2) text files to browse (see }{\f2\uldb Browsing Text in the Archive}{\v\f2 HELPID_DISPLAYING}{\f2 ),
\par \tab 3) comments (see }{\f2\uldb Showing the Archive Comment}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHOWING_COMMENT}{\f2 ).
\par 
\par The Status window may be scrolled horizontally or vertically using either the mouse or standard Windows navigation keys.
\par 
\par You can maximize the Status window within }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's main window by clicking on the Status window's maximize box or by selecting the Maximize entry from the Status window's system menu.  When maximized, the Status window covers the listbox a
nd }{\f2\uldb Pushbuttons}{\v\f2 HELPID_BUTTONS}{\f2 .
\par 
\par You can restore the maximized Status window to its normal size by clicking on the Status window's maximize box again or by selecting the Minimize entry from the Status window's system menu.
\par 
\par You can hide the Status window by selecting }{\f2\uldb Maximize Archive Directory Listbox}{\v\f2 HELPID_MAX_LISTBOX}{\f2  from the View Menu.  To show the Status window, select }{\f2\uldb Split}{\v\f2 HELPID_SPLIT}{\f2  from the View menu.
\par 
\par You can clear the Status window using the }{\f2\uldb Clear Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_CLEAR_STATUS}{\f2  menu item from the }{\f2\uldb Edit Menu}{\v\f2 HELPID_EDIT}{\f2 
 or by typing the Del key.  The Status window automatically clears itself to make room for more information when either of the following happens:
\par 
\par \tab 1) the number of characters in the buffer reaches 65535, or
\par \tab 2) your system does not have enough global memory to store more data.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_TITLE_BAR}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Title Bar}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + screen:070}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} title bar}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 
Title Bar}{\f2 
\par 
\par The title bar shows which ZIP archive is currently open and into which directory }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  will extract archive entries.
\par 
\par If no ZIP archive is open, the title bar contains the message }{\i\f2 (No ZIP File) }{\f2 in the file name field.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_ICON}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Icon}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 
+ screen:080}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} icon}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Icon}{\f2 
\par The }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  icon's title includes the name of the current archive file name. 
\par If no ZIP archive is open, the title contains the text }{\i\f2 (No ZIP File)}{\f2 .
\par 
\par The }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  icon starts out as a fully zipped zipper.
\par 
\par After extracting the first file, the }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  icon changes into an unzipped zipper.
\par 
\par That's as close as }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  comes to snappy graphics and animation.
\par 
\par The icon artwork is by }{\f2\ul Becky Cobb}{\v\f2 term_becky}{\f2 .
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 {\plain \f7 # term_becky}}}{\b\f2 Becky Cobb}{\f2 
\par 
\par "No one can do
\par    What Becky can do
\par In just thirty-two
\par    By thirty-two."
\par 
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_MSGWIN_ERRORS}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ In the Messages Window}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + errors:010}}{\b\f2 Error Messages in the Status Window}{\f2 
\par 
\par This section describes some of the error messages which can appear in the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 filename}{\f2 :  }{\b\f2 encrypted (can't do yet)--skipping.}{\f2 
\par This message indicates an encrypted file was found in the archive. Since decryption is not supported in the current version of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 , the file is skipped.
\par 
\par }\pard {\b\f2 End-of-central-directory signature not found.  Either this file is not
\par      a zipfile, or it constitutes one disk of a multi-part archive.  In the
\par      latter case the central directory and zipfile comment will be found on
\par }\pard \sl240 {\b\f2      the last disk(s) of this archive.
\par }{\f2 This error means that the opened file is either not in }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2  fo
rmat or is a corrupted ZIP file.  Check the suffix of the file. This error might occur if you transferred the archive across a network as an ASCII file rather than as a binary file. At any rate,}{\i\f2  WizUnZip}{\f2  can't decipher it.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 error: can't open zipfile}{\f2  [ }{\i\f2 filename }{\f2 ]
\par This message appears if the archive file has been moved or deleted after having been opened in }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 error:  expected central file header signature not found (file #n).}{\f2 
\par This error means that the opened file is either not in }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 
 format or is a corrupted ZIP file.  Check the suffix of the file. This error might occur if you transferred the archive across a network as an ASCII file rather than as binary file. At any rate,}{\i\f2  WizUnZip}{\f2  can't decipher it.
\par 
\par }\pard {\b\f2 Expanding: }{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Exploding: }{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Extracting: }{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Inflating: }{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Testing:}{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 UnShrinking:}{\i\f2 filename  status}{\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 These messages occur during extraction or testing. During extraction they indicate which compression technique was employed to archive the file named }{\i\f2 filename}{\f2 .  The status value can be either 
\par 
\par \tab }{\i\f2 OK}{\f2 ,  which means success, 
\par 
\par \tab \tab or
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 \tab Bad CRC xxxxxxxx  (should be xxxxxxxx),}{\f2  which means the file is corrupted in the archive,}{\i\f2 
\par 
\par }{\f2 where }{\i\f2 xxxxxxxx }{\f2 is a hexadecimal number.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Fatal write error
\par }{\f2 This message might appear if the disk had filled up while extracting a file.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 filename}{\f2   }{\b\f2 unknown compression method}{\f2 
\par This indicates that }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  cannot extract the given file. The cause is possibly due to a corrupted archive or the file was stored using a technique designed after this version of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 warning:  didn't find end-of-central-dir signature at end of central dir.
\par }{\f2 This error indicates that the opened file is either not in }{\f2\ul ZIP archive}{\v\f2 term_ZIP_archive}{\f2 
 format or is a corrupted ZIP file.  Check the suffix of the file. This error might occur if you transferred the archive across a network as an ASCII file rather than as a binary file. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 warning:  filename too long--truncating}{\f2 
\par This error might appear when extracting a file generated on a system other than DOS. The name exceeds DOS's 8.3 format.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_MSGBOX_ERRORS}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Error Messages in Dialog Boxes}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + errors:020}}{\b\f2 Error Messages in Dialog Boxes}{\f2 
\par 
\par This section describes error messages which may appear in a Windows message box.
\par 
\par }\pard {\b\f2 A write error has occurred. Perhaps the disk is full. Continue ?}{\f2 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 Appears during extraction. It typically occurs if the disk to which you are extracting runs out of free space. Files may erroneously appear to have CRC errors during extraction in this case.  It typically does no good to continue.

\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Cannot open}{\f2  }{\i\f2 filename}{\f2 
\par Appears in the }{\i\f2 Open a ZIP File}{\f2  dialog box if you specify a file that doesn't exist.
\par Can also appear if you specify a file which does not exist when starting up }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  with a filename argument.
\par 
\par }\pard {\b\f2 Can't change directory to <directory name>!}{\f2 
\par Appears before or after extraction if WizUnZip has been configured to change to or return to a non-existent directory.
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Clearing Messages window to make room for more information.
\par }{\f2 Appears if the }{\f2\uldb Status Window}{\v\f2 HELPID_MSG_WINDOW}{\f2  buffer becomes full or otherwise cannot grow.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 johnny__.yuu. Cannot access this file. Please verify security priveleges on the network drive}{\f2 .
\par This message box appears if you try to select a write-protected drive, such as a CD-ROM drive, from the }{\i\f2 Unzip To...}{\f2  dialog box.
\par (See }{\f2\uldb File Menu "Unzip To..." Command}{\v\f2 HELPID_CHDIR}{\f2 .)
\par 
\par }\pard {\b\f2 This archive contains too many files for WizUnZip to list them all! 
\par }{\f2 This appears if the archive contains many files and the data required to list those files and their attributes exceeds a Windows internal limit of 65K characters.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_INFO_ZIP}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Who is Info-ZIP?}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + product_info:010}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} info-zip}}{\f2  }{
\b\f2 Who is Info-ZIP ?}{\f2 
\par 
\par }\pard {\f2 This is a partial list of contributors to Info-ZIP UnZip and the code upon which it is based.
\par Many, many others have also contributed, and if you are among them, please let us know.
\par Aside from the Info-ZIP digest archives,we have not kept very good track of who contributed what.
\par 
\par Mark Adler\tab \tab \tab decryption code; inflate, explode, funzip code; misc. casts
\par Glenn Andrews\tab \tab \tab MSDOS makefiles; prototyping bugfix
\par Joel Aycock\tab \tab \tab descrip.mms bugfix
\par Allan Bjorklund\tab \tab \tab in misc.c
\par James Birdsall\tab \tab \tab extract.c bugfix; etc.
\par Wim Bonner\tab \tab \tab OS/2 stuff
\par John Cowan\tab \tab \tab mods to original match.c; other stuff?
\par Frank da Cruz\tab \tab \tab xxu.c, on which mapname.c is based
\par Bill Davidsen\tab \tab \tab -q(q); mapname stuff; memset/memcpy(?); etc.
\par Arjan de Vet\tab \tab \tab various things, but I don't remember exactly what...
\par James Dugal\tab \tab \tab ZMEM stuff; unshrink bugfix; file perms stuff; etc.
\par Jim Dumser\tab \tab \tab -z stuff; umask bugfixes; etc.
\par Mark Edwards\tab \tab \tab in mapname.c, misc.c
\par David Feinleib\tab \tab \tab Windows NT port
\par Mike Freeman\tab \tab \tab VMS GCC makefiles; etc.
\par Jean-loup Gailly\tab \tab decryption code; much prodding to fix bugs :-)
\par Hunter Goatley\tab \tab \tab VMS RUNOFF source (documentation)
\par Robert Heath\tab \tab \tab original Windows port, WizUnZip 2.0
\par Dave Heiland\tab \tab \tab new usage screen [, new documentation...?]
\par Larry Jones\tab \tab \tab ZMEM stuff; unimplod bugfix; etc.
\par Kjetil J}{\plain \f73 \'f8}{\f2 rgenson\tab \tab ln/copy misc_.c bugfix
\par J. Kercheval\tab \tab \tab filmatch.c, on which match.c is based
\par David Kirschbaum\tab \tab mapname port; general-purpose meddling; Python jokes
\par Alvin Koh\tab \tab \tab Borland C++ bugfixes
\par Bo Kullmar\tab \tab \tab -z code; bugfixes: umask, do_string, BSD time; etc.
\par Johnny Lee\tab \tab \tab Macintosh port; 5.0 Mac resource fork stuff; Win3.1 port
\par Warner Losh\tab \tab \tab in misc.c
\par Igor Mandrichenko\tab \tab vms.c; many improvements and VMS modifications
\par Fulvio Marino\tab \tab \tab revised Unzip and ZipInfo man pages
\par Carl Mascott\tab \tab \tab original Unix port
\par Gene McManus\tab \tab \tab -o code
\par Joe Meadows\tab \tab \tab file.c, on which VMSmunch.c is based
\par Mike O'Carroll\tab \tab \tab OS/2 stuff
\par Humberto Ortiz-Zuazaga\tab Linux port; permissions bugfix; missing declarations
\par Keith Petersen\tab \tab \tab former Info-ZIP list maintainer
\par Piet W. Plomp\tab \tab \tab nice fix for msc_dos Makefile target
\par Antonio Querubin, Jr\tab \tab descrip.mms (VMS makefile)
\par Greg Roelofs\tab \tab \tab central directory code; ZipInfo; original VMS port;...
\par Kai Uwe Rommel\tab \tab much OS/2 code; bugfixes; etc.
\par Steve Salisbury\tab \tab \tab CountryInfo bugfix; variable INBUFSIZ
\par Georg Sassen\tab \tab \tab Amiga DICE compiler port
\par Jon Saxton\tab \tab \tab date formats
\par Hugh Schmidt\tab \tab \tab VMS stuff
\par Martin Schulz\tab \tab \tab Atari patches
\par Charles Scripter\tab \tab \tab various bug reports and bugfixes
\par Chris Seaman\tab \tab \tab Unix time stuff
\par Richard Seay\tab \tab \tab MS-DOS Quick C makefile
\par Alex Sergejew\tab \tab \tab file_io.c bugfix; stat() bugfix; Down Under jokes
\par Samuel H. Smith\tab \tab original unzip code (Pascal and C) for PC
\par Cliff Stanford\tab \tab \tab file_io.c umask bug
\par Onno van der Linden\tab \tab SCO optimization bugfix; etc.
\par Antoine Verheijen\tab \tab MTS/EBCDIC stuff; FILENAME_MAX stuff; Mac fixes; etc.
\par Rich Wales\tab \tab \tab current Info-ZIP moderator and zip guy
\par Paul Wells\tab \tab \tab original Amiga port for SAS/C and Lattice C (?)
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_DISTRN}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Distribution}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + product_info:020}}{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K}
 distribution}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Copyright and Distribution}{\f2 
\par 
\par ===========================================
\par The following copyrights are claimed on portions of the UnZip source code.
\par Further comments are at the bottom.
\par ===========================================
\par Copyright in unzip.c, originally from unzip version 1.2 (?):
\par 
\par \tab * Copyright 1989 Samuel H. Smith;  All rights reserved
\par \tab *
\par \tab * Do not distribute modified versions without my permission.
\par \tab * Do not remove or alter this notice or any other copyright notice.
\par \tab * If you use this in your own program you must distribute source code.
\par \tab * Do not use any of this in a commercial product.
\par 
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Copyright in misc.c, applying to UpdateCRC() and crc_32_tab[]:
\par 
\par \tab COPYRIGHT (C) 1986 Gary S. Brown. You may use this program, or code or tables extracted from it, as desired without restriction.
\par 
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Copyright in vms.c, distributed with UnZip versions 4.2 and later:
\par 
\par \tab * Copyright (C) 1992 Igor Mandrichenko.
\par \tab * Permission is granted to any individual or institution to use, copy,
\par \tab * or redistribute this software so long as all of the original files
\par \tab * are included unmodified, that it is not sold for profit, and that
\par \tab * this copyright notice is retained.
\par 
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Additional copyright information:
\par 
\par BILF (distributed with the VMS stuff) is copyrighted by Rahul Dhesi, but it is freely distributable.
\par 
\par The functions extract_or_test_files() and store_info() in extract.c, do_string() and return_VMS() in misc.c, VMS version of echo() in file_io.c, and find_end_central_dir() in unzip.c, were written by Greg Roelofs and subsequently modified by many others v
ia Info-ZIP. I do not claim a copyright on these routines, but I do ask that no one else do so either, :-) and that anyone using them in other programs note their source.
\par 
\par The function decrypt_member() in extract.c and the password functions in file_io.c were written by Mark Adler, as were the inflate.c and explode.c modules.
\par 
\par The function mapped_name() in mapname.c was written by David Kirschbaum, based on the XXU program by Frank Da Cruz.
\par 
\par The module match.c was written by J. Kercheval and modified by David Kirschbaum for use in UnZip.
\par 
\par Original notes from unzip 2.0a by Carl Mascott, cmascott@world.std.com (these are only the modifications which seem still to exist):
\par \tab * 12/14/89\tab C. Mascott  2.0a   adapt for UNIX
\par \tab *\tab \tab don't pre-allocate output file space
\par \tab *\tab \tab implement -t, -v, member file specs
\par \tab *\tab \tab buffer all input
\par \tab *\tab \tab fix "Bad CRC" msg: good/bad CRCs were swapped
\par \tab *\tab \tab check for write error on output file
\par 
\par Most of the remaining routines have contributions from all of us, and show it. :-)
\par 
\par ===========================================
\par 
\par Info-ZIP comments:
\par 
\par Info-ZIP has very little interest in legal matters, aside from the usual "CYA" sense (that's an acronym, and you can figure it out yourself :-) ).
\par 
\par As far as we are aware--and please note that the numerous contributors and copyright holders make this a little uncertain--the UnZip code is now "clean" in the sense that an UnZip executable may be distributed with a commercial product }{\b\f2 
SO LONG AS IT IS CLEAR THAT }{\i\f2 UnZip}{\b\f2  IS NOT BEING SOLD, THAT THE SOURCE CODE IS FREELY AVAILABLE, AND THAT THERE ARE NO EXTRA OR HIDDEN CHARGES RESULTING FROM ITS USE BY OR INCLUSION WITH THE COMMERCIAL PRODUCT}{\f2 
.  In particular, the retroactive copyright on unimplode.c which Carl Mascott requested we include in UnZip 4.2 is no longer in force, since Mark Adler has rewritten the module in question from scratch (it's about twice as fast, too! :-) ).
\par 
\par Regarding the original copyright by Mr. Smith:  Info-ZIP has finally found him again (he's moved to southern California), and he's apparently happy with the current code and restrictions.  More specifically, since the current incarnation of UnZip can be c
onsidered "our own"--it bears very little resemblance to his original program, in either content or size :-)
\par --and since we freely distribute the source code, we believe that we are within the bounds of his third stipulation.
\par 
\par Info-ZIP continues to rewrite portions of the code as time permits, in an effort to eliminate as many of the restrictions (and bugs) as possible.  The bugs are our primary concern, however, so don't hold your breath. :-)}{\b\f2 
\par 
\par }\pard {\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 I Place My Portion in the Public Domain}{\f2 
\par 
\par The Info-ZIP developers have chosen not to copyright }{\i\f2 unzip}{\f2 .
\par I, Robert A. Heath, am the author of the Microsoft Windows interface version of }{\i\f2 UNZIP}{\f2 , which I call }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 . 
\par I place the portion which I wrote in the public domain. 
\par I give you my permission to distribute my portion without condition. (It's free!  No charge!)
\par You may make }{\f2\ul derivative works}{\v\f2 term_derivative}{\f2  from the source. 
\par 
\par Johnny Lee: Ditto. ;-) 
\par 
\par The MS Windows-specific sources for }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  2.0 are}{\i\f2  }{\f2 archived under }{\i\f2 wunz20sr.zip}{\f2  on popular archive sites.
\par 
\par }{\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} archive sites}}{\b\f2  Where to Find Info-ZIP Products}{\f2 
\par Info-ZIP products are available on many well-known Internet hosts. Anonymous ftp can be used to retrieve Info-ZIP's utilities from most of the large archive sites (}{\i\f2 Simtel}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 garbo}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 oak.oakland.edu}{\f2 , }{\i\f2 wuarchive
}{\f2 , etc.).
\par 
\par Some current products available on }{\i\f2 oak.oakland.edu}{\f2 :
\par 
\par \tab /pub/msdos/zip/unz50p1.zip\tab (unzip source)
\par \tab /pub/misc/unix/unz50p1.tar-z\tab (unzip source)
\par \tab /pub/msdos/zip/unz50p1.exe\tab (unzip MSDOS exe)
\par 
\par \tab /pub/msdos/zip/zip19p1.zip\tab (zip source)
\par \tab /pub/msdos/zip/zip19p1x.zip\tab (zip MSDOS exe)
\par 
\par ZIP 1.9 and UNZIP 5.0p1 have been submitted to comp.sources.misc. One should be able to FTP the sources for ZIP 1.9 and UNZIP 5.0p1 from any site which archives comp.sources.misc.
\par \page }{\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 #} term_derivative}}{\f2  Beginning Windows programmers may wish to snarf the code that makes up the Status window. Heck, I wish I'd had some of that code before now.
\par 
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 The Unzip To... dialog box is a customized common dialog for changing directories. Check it out.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_WARRANTY}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Warranty}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 
\fs20 + product_info:030}}{\b\f2 Warranty or Lack Thereof
\par }{\f2 
\par I make no promises express or implied on the suitability of this software product for any particular purpose. 
\par 
\par All responsibility for use of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  lies with the user.
\par 
\par \tab }{\i\f2 Robert A. Heath}{\f2 
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_HISTORY}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ History}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + product_info:040}}{\b\f2 History
\par }{\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Unzip Versions}{\f2 
\par }\pard {\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Version}{\f2 \tab }{\f2\uldb Date}{\f2 \tab \tab }{\f2\uldb Contributor(s)}{\f2 
\par \tab v1.2\tab 15 Mar 89\tab Samuel H. Smith
\par \tab v2.0\tab 9 Sep 89\tab Samuel H. Smith
\par \tab v2.x\tab fall 1989\tab many Usenet contributors
\par \tab v3.0\tab 1 May 90\tab Info-ZIP (DPK, consolidator)
\par \tab v3.1\tab 15 Aug 90\tab Info-ZIP (DPK, consolidator)
\par \tab v4.0\tab 1 Dec 90\tab Info-ZIP (GRR, maintainer)
\par \tab v4.1\tab 12 May 91\tab Info-ZIP
\par \tab v4.2\tab 20 Mar 92\tab Info-ZIP (zip-bugs subgroup; GRR, maint.)
\par \tab v5.0\tab 21 Aug 92\tab Info-ZIP (zip-bugs subgroup; GRR, maint.)
\par }\pard \sl240 {\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 WizUnZip versions}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb Date}{\f2 \tab \tab }{\f2\uldb Version}{\f2 \tab \tab }{\f2\uldb Description}{\f2 
\par Jan. 27, 1992\tab 1.0\tab \tab Original Release.
\par Apr. 26, 1992\tab 1.1\tab \tab Fixes problem in LF to CR,LF 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab mapping. Renamed "Translate LF 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab to CR,LF" option to "Translate 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab CR,LF to LF". 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Release of source.
\par June 30, 1992\tab 1.2\tab \tab Updated to Unzip 5.0 source and MS Windows 3.1
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Added drag-drop, sped up zip operations, and
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab hiding status window.
\par August, 1992\tab 1.3\tab \tab Tidied up bugs in 1.2 version.
\par 
\par May 21, 1993\tab 2.0\tab \tab Release of WizUnZip 2.0 Beta 1.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Aligned with unzip 5.0p1,
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab for pkzip 2.04 compatibility.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Fixed many bugs in Windows interface.
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Changed "Translate CR,LF to LF" feature
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\i\f2 back}{\f2  to "Translate LF to CR,LF.".
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab New features: configurable "unzip to" 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab directory, select files by pattern, 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab play wave on completion, copy status
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab window to clipboard, offers self-
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab extracting archives as a choice when
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab opening a file. Moved initialization 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab data to WIZUNZIP.INI. 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Thanks to Richard
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab Hartman for some good ideas!
\par 
\par July 4, 1993\tab 2.0\tab \tab General release of WizUnZip 2.0.
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_OVERVIEW}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Help Overview}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + commands:50}}{\b\f2 Help Overview
\par }{\f2 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  offers three varieties of help:
\par 
\par }{\f2\uldb WizUnZip Help}{\v\f2 HELPID_HELP}{\f2 \tab \tab \tab Help specific to }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 
\par }{\f2\uldb Using Windows Help}{\v\f2 HELPID_HELP_HELP}{\f2 \tab \tab How to Use Windows Help in General
\par }{\f2\uldb About WizUnZip...}{\v\f2 HELPID_ABOUT}{\f2 \tab \tab Version and Author
\par \page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ WizUnzip Help}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + help:020}}{\b\f2 WizUnZip Help
\par }{\f2 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  has standard Windows help accessed by typing the F1 key.  This method takes you to }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's top help index. You may use the mouse or keyboard to select lower-level topics or to simply browse.
\par 
\par }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  also has context help by which you can hit Shift-F1, producing the question-mark/arrow cursor. You may then select any of }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2 's menu items u
sing the mouse or the keyboard.  Context help takes you directly to the help screen associated with the desired menu item.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_HELP_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Using Windows Help}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + help:030}}{\b\f2 Using Windows Help
\par }{\f2 
\par This menu entry takes you to the standard introduction on using Windows help.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_ABOUT}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ About}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + help:040}}{\b\f2 About WizUnZip...

\par }{\f2 
\par The about box gives the latest program version number and information about the authors.\page #{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 # HELPID_BUGS}${\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 $ Bugs}+{\footnote \pard\plain \sl240 \fs20 + bugs:010}}{\fs16\up6 K
{\footnote \pard\plain \s245 \fs20 {\fs16\up6 K} bugs}}{\b\f2 Bugs
\par }{\f2 
\par WizUnZip has a few bugs with some workarounds.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Archive Directory Listbox holds up to 64K bytes of data.
\par }{\f2 This problem is signaled by a Message Box which signals that the listbox has run out of space, due to a limitation in Windows. 
\par Switching to the }{\f2\uldb Short Format}{\v\f2 HELPID_SHORT}{\f2  can help if the file directory is barely big enough to fit.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Open Dialog Box Can't Distinguish Between Self-extracting .EXE's and Ordinary .EXE's}{\f2 
\par When listing self-extracting files, the }{\i\f2 Open}{\f2  dialog box lists all .EXE files regardless of whether they are self-extracting .ZIP files.  
\par If you open the file and receive the "End-of-central-directory signature not found" message, you may assume the file is not a self-extracting .ZIP.
\par 
\par Status Window Displays Windows ANSI Character Set
\par When displaying a .ZIP file comment in the Status Window, }{\i\f2 WizUnZip}{\f2  maps the data into the ANSI Character Set
\par 
\par }}