.TH GCP 1L \" -*- nroff -*-
.SH NAME
cp \- copy files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cp
[\-bdfipruvxR] [\-S backup-suffix] [\-V {numbered,existing,simple}]
[+backup] [+no-dereference] [+force] [+interactive] [+one-file-system]
[+preserve] [+recursive] [+update] [+verbose] [+suffix backup-suffix]
[+version-control {numbered,existing,simple}] source dest

.B cp
[\-bdfipruvxR] [\-S backup-suffix] [\-V {numbered,existing,simple}]
[+backup] [+no-dereference] [+force] [+interactive] [+one-file-system]
[+preserve] [+recursive] [+update] [+verbose] [+suffix backup-suffix]
[+version-control {numbered,existing,simple}] source... directory
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page
documents the GNU version of
.BR cp .
If the last argument names an existing directory,
.B cp
copies each other given file into a file with the same name in that
directory.  Otherwise, if only two files are given, it copies the
first onto the second.  It is an error if the last argument is not a
directory and more than two files are given.  By default, it does not
copy directories.
.SS OPTIONS
.TP
.I \-b, +backup
Make backups of files that are about to be overwritten or removed.
.TP
.I \-d, +no-dereference
Copy symbolic links as symbolic links rather than copying the files
that they point to.
.TP
.I \-f, +force
Remove existing destination files.
.TP
.I \-i, +interactive
Prompt whether to overwrite existing regular destination files.
.TP
.I \-p, +preserve
Preserve the original files' owner, group, permissions, and timestamps.
.TP
.I \-r
Copy directories recursively, copying all non-directories as if they
were regular files.
.TP
.I \-u, +update
Do not copy a nondirectory that has an existing destination with the
same or newer modification time.
.TP
.I \-v, +verbose
Print the name of each file before copying it.
.TP
.I \-x, +one-file-system
Skip subdirectories that are on different filesystems from the one
that the copy started on.
.TP
.I \-R, +recursive
Copy directories recursively.
.TP
.I \-S, +suffix backup-suffix
The suffix used for making simple backup files can be set with the
.B SIMPLE_BACKUP_SUFFIX
environment variable, which can be overridden by this option.  If
neither of those is given, the default is `~', as it is in Emacs.
.TP
.I \-V, +version-control {numbered,existing,simple}
The type of backups made can be set with the
.B VERSION_CONTROL
environment variable, which can be overridden by this option.  If
.B VERSION_CONTROL
is not set and this option is not given, the default backup type is
`existing'.  The value of the
.B VERSION_CONTROL
environment variable and the argument to this option is like GNU
Emacs' `version-control' variable; it also accepts synonyms that are
more descriptive.  The valid values are (unique abbreviations are
accepted):
.RS
.TP
`t' or `numbered'
Always make numbered backups.
.TP
`nil' or `existing'
Make numbered backups of files that already
have them, simple backups of the others.
.TP
`never' or `simple'
Always make simple backups.
.RE
