.TH GMV 1L \" -*- nroff -*-
.SH NAME
mv \- rename files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mv
[\-bfiuv] [\-S backup-suffix] [\-V {numbered,existing,simple}]
[+backup] [+force] [+interactive] [+update] [+verbose]
[+suffix backup-suffix] [+version-control {numbered,existing,simple}]
source dest

.B mv
[\-bfiuv] [\-S backup-suffix] [\-V {numbered,existing,simple}]
[+backup] [+force] [+interactive] [+update] [+verbose]
[+suffix backup-suffix] [+version-control {numbered,existing,simple}]
source... directory
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page
documents the GNU version of
.BR mv .
If the last argument names an existing directory,
.B mv
moves each other
given file into a file with the same name in that directory.
Otherwise, if only two files are given, it moves the first onto the
second.  It is an error if the last argument is not a directory and
more than two files are given.  It can move only regular files across
filesystems.
.SS OPTIONS
.TP
.I \-b, +backup
Make backups of files that are about to be removed.
.TP
.I \-f, +force
Remove existing destination files (override the
.I \-i
option).
.TP
.I \-i, +interactive
Prompt whether to overwrite existing destination files.
.TP
.I \-u, +update
Do not move a nondirectory that has an existing destination with the
same or newer modification time.
.TP
.I \-v, +verbose
Print the name of each file before moving it.
.TP
.I \-S, +suffix backup-suffix
The suffix used for making simple backup files can be set with the
.B SIMPLE_BACKUP_SUFFIX
environment variable, which can be overridden by this option.  If
neither of those is given, the default is `~', as it is in Emacs.
.TP
.I \-V, +version-control {numbered,existing,simple}
The type of backups made can be set with the
.B VERSION_CONTROL
environment variable, which can be overridden by this option.  If
.B VERSION_CONTROL
is not set and this option is not given, the default backup type is
`existing'.  The value of the
.B VERSION_CONTROL
environment variable and the argument to this option is like GNU
Emacs' `version-control' variable; it also accepts synonyms that are
more descriptive.  The valid values are (unique abbreviations are
accepted):
.RS
.TP
`t' or `numbered'
Always make numbered backups.
.TP
`nil' or `existing'
Make numbered backups of files that already
have them, simple backups of the others.
.TP
`never' or `simple'
Always make simple backups.
.RE
